Stabilize Workspace Inheritance (#10859)
rust-lang/cargo: src/doc/src/reference/specifying-dependencies.md

log-debug = ['bar/log-debug'] # using 'foo/log-debug' would be an error!
```

### Inheriting a dependency from a workspace

Dependencies can be inherited from a workspace by specifying the
dependency in the workspace's [`[workspace.dependencies]`][workspace.dependencies] table.

> After that add it to the `[dependencies]` table with `dep.workspace = true`.

Reviewer: Here `dep` may not be clear that this is a placeholder for what the user actually enters. Perhaps just not mention it? I think the example below is what most users will actually look at, which should make it clear what the syntax looks like. Maybe like this:

```suggestion
After that add it to the `[dependencies]` table with `workspace = true`.
```

Author: I used what you put here. I was trying to say "After that add it to the `[dependencies]` table with `{dependency name}.workspace = true`."

> The `workspace` key can be defined with:

Reviewer: This wasn't entirely clear to me what it was meaning. Perhaps the following might be clearer?

```suggestion
Along with the `workspace` key, dependencies can also include these keys:
```

- [`optional`][optional]: Note that the`[workspace.dependencies]` table is not allowed to specify `optional`.
- [`features`][features]: These are additive with the features declared in the `[workspace.dependencies]`

> The `workspace` key cannot be defined with:
> 
> |                  |                    | 
> |------------------|--------------------|
> | `branch`         | `default-features` |
> | `git`            | `package`          |
> | `path`           | `registry`         |
> | `registry-index` | `rev`              |
> | `tag`            | `version`          |

Reviewer: I'm a little concerned with trying to keep this list up-to-date over time, and in general isn't necessary for the user to know exactly which keys aren't allowed. Perhaps this could be simplified with the following?

```suggestion
Dependencies with the `workspace=true` key cannot use any other dependency key (such as `version` or `default-features`).
```

Author: Do you think I should remove the table in `workspaces.md` as well?

Reviewer 2: I assume this was meant to be here
https://github.com/rust-lang/cargo/pull/10859#discussion_r924002389
> I think it's fine to keep that table, as it is important for the user to know which keys they can use. We'll just need to remember to update it when any new inherited keys are added.

Dependencies in the `[dependencies]`, `[dev-dependencies]`, `[build-dependencies]`, and
`[target."...".dependencies]` sections support the ability to reference the
`[workspace.dependencies]` definition of dependencies.

Example:
```toml
[dependencies]

> dep.workspace = true

Reviewer: Similar to the other example, can this use realistic examples?

Author: I used the example you gave for `workspaces.md` here as well since it fit

Reviewer: I think it's fine to keep that table, as it is important for the user to know which keys they can use. We'll just need to remember to update it when any new inherited keys are added.
